Light Freshness Edit: ASP.NET - mvc (#37085)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/overview.md

[!code-cshtml[](../../common/samples/WebApplication1/Views/Home/About.cshtml)]

> [Razor markup](xref:mvc/views/razor) starts with the `@` symbol. Run C# statements by placing C# code within [Razor code blocks](xref:mvc/views/razor#razor-code-blocks) set off by curly braces (`{ ... }`). For example, see the assignment of "About" to `ViewData["Title"]` shown previously. You can display values within HTML by simply referencing the value with the `@` symbol. See the contents of the `<h2>` and `<h3>` elements previous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Razor markup](xref:mvc/views/razor) starts with the `@` symbol. Run C# statements by placing C# code within [Razor code blocks](xref:mvc/views/razor#razor-code-blocks) set off by curly braces (`{ ... }`). For example, see the assignment of "About" to `ViewData["Title"]` shown previously. You can display values within HTML by simply referencing the value with the `@` symbol. See the contents of the `<h2>` and `<h3>` elements previously.
```
Minor item: "previous" to "previously".

## More view features

> [Tag Helpers](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro) make it easy to add server-side behavior to existing HTML tags. Using Tag Helpers avoids the need to write custom code or helpers within your views. Tag helpers are applied as attributes to HTML elements and editors that can't process them ignore them. This allows you to edit and render view markup in a variety of tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tag Helpers](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro) make it easy to add server-side behavior to existing HTML tags. Using Tag Helpers avoids the need to write custom code or helpers within your views. Tag helpers are applied as attributes to HTML elements and are ignored by editors that can't process them. This allows you to edit and render view markup in a variety of tools.
```
Minor item: "them ignore them" seemed a bit awkward.  See if you think this is better.
